[WIP] Feature/limit chat history (#7686)
nextcloud/spreed: docs/capabilities.md

* `talk-polls` - Polls feature is available to use in the chat
* `config => call => enabled` - Whether calling is enabled on the instance or not
* `config => signaling => session-ping-limit` - Number of sessions the HPB is allowed to ping in the same request

> * `limit-chat-history` - Limit chat history to timestamp of joining

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `limit-show-history` - Limit chat history to timestamp of joining
```

* `config => call => enabled` - Whether calling is enabled on the instance or not
* `config => signaling => session-ping-limit` - Number of sessions the HPB is allowed to ping in the same request
* `config => signaling => hello-v2-token-key` - Public key to use when verifying JWT auth tokens for hello V2.

> * `limit-chat-history` - Limit chat history to timestamp of joining
> * `limit-show-history` - Limit chat history to timestamp of joining

Reviewer: **Required:** 
```suggestion
* `limit-show-history` - Chat history can be limited for guests/participants to the moment of joining.
```
